Adding gitea provider (#226)
fluxcd/go-git-providers: DEVELOPMENT.md

| Test organization | go-git-provider-testing      | `GIT_PROVIDER_ORGANIZATION` |
| Test team         | fluxcd-test-team             | `STASH_TEST_TEAM_NAME`      |

> #### Gitea

Reviewer: This section needs mentioning of the `stop-provider-instances` target. Please add it to the GitLab section, too.

As soon as the containers are up and Gitea is running, execute the tests:

```
export GITEA_TOKEN=$(cat /tmp/gitea-token)
make test-e2e-gitea
```

> The gitea token is stored in `/tmp/gitea-token` and is by the makefile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Gitea token is stored in `/tmp/gitea-token` by default.
```
